Changelog ReSuRReCTioN 1.1


merged to Ackronic 3.0 Codebase


half updated to Ackronic 3.1 - (only added invisible Mode) Rest would have make some functions impossibble ;-)

Changed: Optimizer 
Changed: Quickstart
Changed: AntiLeechClass
Changed: IP2Country
Changed: Diff-QR
Changed: Client%
Changed: DL and UL in color
Changed: Modversion (thanx at Spe64 for help) 
Changed: Feedback - (removed ionix and added Morph one - added currend dl speed to feed)  
Changed: Drops 

Removed: Family Filter
Removed: SNAFU 3
Removed: Super Release
Removed: Hide Over Share
Removed: Spreadbars
Removed: Share only the Need
Removed: MSUQWT and SUQWT
Removed: Emulates
Removed: Powershare from Morph
Removed: Selective Chunk Sharing
Removed: Allow Bandwidth Settings
Removed: Low Id Notifier
Removed: Next EMF Slotmanager
Removed: SLS

Added: Webcache
Added: Powershare [WiZaRd] 
Added: Funny Nicks [iONix][Stulle]
Added: Hashing Progress [O²][WiZaRd]
Added: Blinking Tray Icon On Message Recieve [emulEspaña]
Added: show Date & Time in Feedback [Mondgott]
Added: Show Loaded Filesize & Percent if File not complete in Share [Mondgott]
Added: Show current downloadspeed in Feedback [lama]
Added: show Resu Icon on Client detect [iONix][RedSmurf]

Fixed: TrayAnzeige (CB) 
Fixed: DL-Feedback
Fixed: AntiLeechclass (updated) 
Fixed: Ul - Colors
Fixed: wrong tagcount from beta version

Now I have many Peoples to say thanx..... ok thanx at all - ;-) and bye - loool -  no I will mention all here because
without several people ReSuRReCTioN were not what is is..... 

FIRST of all - REALLY BIG THANX to Spe64 for your work at ReSuRReCTioN 1.0 - you know without your help there would 
be NO Resurrection Mod at all. You gave me the POWER and MOTIVATION to make the best out of my situation.... 
so it is really sad that you decided to leave the team .... but I will do my really best to make a great Mod for many People........ 
have many thanx for your work...... (k) and for little help with fixing bugs in this Version (lol)

Second  - WiZaRd for much help (especially with the Powershare - and several situations were I sat crying in front of my PC
and nothing seems to work..... as I say at other Page - "WiZaRd for President".... (k) 
Believe in me - I will go my way - even if it takes more time you thougt....

At Third place I mention - G6R- First of all for his long work at the new Toolbar optic - (and the mule.ico.... *fg) 
and second for his really patient testing of my several betas (with many bugs..... I think you found every 
( I hope so..... so really good work... ) and third for his work at the german and italian.dll

And fourth place I wanna say thanx to wolf from DDoS for making the translation for the Italian.dll 

And the fifth place but even the MOST Important (I think) I want to say really big thanx to all my Beta Testers the last test show
me how good this Version is. And without the bugs you found I think..... hum.... its a really good one.... lol 

BETA TESTERS

-G6R-
StoNy
wolf
svenvath
pontew8
dd_77
mukuro
ottomane

at this place its time to say a REAL Big THANX to the WHOLE Team of DDoS - guys you are really great !!!!!!!! I hope you will test every of my next coming
betas like the last one....... 

maybe I forgot to mention something in Changelog - so please don`t be angry it was very much work at all :-(

and last I have removed some things what U might need - but I will readd this in further Versions - so please be patient - it was difficult to add them
in this version becauseoj much completely changed code..... 
 
lama 